README.md, before:

# Flashy - Flashcard Learning Program

Flashy is a Python program built using the Tkinter library that allows you to learn and memorize information using flashcards. It's a fun and interactive way to study and can be customized to suit different learning needs.

## Features

- Randomly presents flashcards with terms and their meanings.
- Automatically flips the flashcard every 3 seconds to reveal the meaning.
- Click the 'Known' button to remove the current flashcard from the deck and proceed to the next one.
- Creates a new list without the known flashcards for future practice.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- Tkinter library
- Pandas Library

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/raimoncoding/flashcard_programming.git

2. Install dependencies

pip install pandas

3. Run the program:

python flashy.py
// python3 flashy.py for MacOs users

## Usage

1. Upon launching the program, a flashcard will be displayed with a term on one side.
2. The flashcard will automatically flip after 3 seconds to reveal the meaning on the other side.
3. If you already know the term, click the 'Known' button to remove it from the deck and proceed to the next flashcard.
4. The program will create a new list without the known flashcards for future practice.
5. Continue with the new flashcards until you have learned all the terms.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to Flashy, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
3. Make your changes and test them thoroughly.
4. Commit and push your changes to your forked repository.
5. Submit a pull request describing your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT LICENSE. The MIT License is a permissive open-source license that allows you to use, modify, and distribute the code in both commercial and non-commercial projects. However, it provides no warranty or liability protection. Please review the terms of the [license](https://github.com/raimoncoding/flashcard_programming/blob/main/LICENSE.txt) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: add demo video and GIF to README
Co-Authored-By: Raimon Baudoin <robertjanstefan@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Flashy - Flashcard Learning Program

Watch the demo on YouTube: [A Fun and Effective Way to Memorize Programming Terminology](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldnk_Csg5Zg)

![Flashcard Demo](flashcard_demo.gif)

Flashy is a Python program built using the Tkinter library that allows you to learn and memorize information using flashcards. It's a fun and interactive way to study and can be customized to suit different learning needs.

## Features

- Randomly presents flashcards with terms and their meanings.
- Automatically flips the flashcard every 3 seconds to reveal the meaning.
- Click the 'Known' button to remove the current flashcard from the deck and proceed to the next one.
- Creates a new list without the known flashcards for future practice.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- Tkinter library
- Pandas Library

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/raimoncoding/flashcard_programming.git

2. Install dependencies

pip install pandas

3. Run the program:

python flashy.py
// python3 flashy.py for MacOs users

## Usage

1. Upon launching the program, a flashcard will be displayed with a term on one side.
2. The flashcard will automatically flip after 3 seconds to reveal the meaning on the other side.
3. If you already know the term, click the 'Known' button to remove it from the deck and proceed to the next flashcard.
4. The program will create a new list without the known flashcards for future practice.
5. Continue with the new flashcards until you have learned all the terms.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to Flashy, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
3. Make your changes and test them thoroughly.
4. Commit and push your changes to your forked repository.
5. Submit a pull request describing your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT LICENSE. The MIT License is a permissive open-source license that allows you to use, modify, and distribute the code in both commercial and non-commercial projects. However, it provides no warranty or liability protection. Please review the terms of the [license](https://github.com/raimoncoding/flashcard_programming/blob/main/LICENSE.txt) for more details.
